hey YouTube Jake survival Channel I'm
going to show you my new bushcraft pack
the only thing that's changed is the
pack all the gears the exact same but I
got a new bag this is a Kelty Red Wing
44 I got an ADD Academy for $119 and
yeah I mean that's pretty penny but I've
been looking for a good bag I've been
using some pretty cheap bags last bag a
hack I think was 25 bucks wasn't quite
big enough and this one is just slightly
too big but um for those longer trips I
can hold more food I can hold more
clothes and I can hold a lot more gear
so I think this back will bag will be
perfect for me
we'll start I'll just start talking
about the bag and its pockets and stuff
on front here it has this suitcase style
carrying spot and also on top it has
another lift thing strap to grab it has
a front pocket here goes all the way
down I already put on my gear in here so
that's why I'm tipsy to the side here
has a full it's like a water bottle
pocket but I don't keep water bottles in
there has done then a little elastic
water bottle pouch to put water ball out
cup holder another cup holder and same
exact pocket on this side it slides down
there's like a sleeve that goes all the
way down through here and goes into the
pocket to carry an axe tin poles your
walking sticks anything like that rifle
maybe if you can get one it fit in there
then it has one more small pocket on the
lid right here not very big pocket and
then one thing I like about this pack is
the way it opens
and it opens a kind of suitcase style I
guess you could say so I'm going to zip
it one-handed as you can see that kind
of opens like that and then it unzips
almost all the way down the bag to about
right here is where the zipper stops oh
you got another you got a couple inches
there
that's not unzipped so stuff don't fall
out of your bag but see if I can get
this unzip little bit more so I can show
you how I got it packed in here which is
kind of neat huh got packed in here
there we go right up here is this
there's a strap that goes all the way
cross stitched in and there's these
little clips on it I clipped my water
bottle and my tarp to it so when I pick
it up and move around those aren't going
to fall forward and lump up at the
bottom of the bag along with my I got my
sleeping bag at the bottom and I
sleeping back at my hammock are at the
bottom but these are clipped on so they
won't fall forward when I pick up the
bag and move it around and stuff
so it won't lump up at the bottom those
are my heaviest things my tarp and my
water bottle kit so they won't look at
the bottom and the weight with the
weights distributed really evenly so I
really like that about this pack this is
the Kelty Red Wing 44 and this is my new
bushcraft pack thanks for watching